[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Richard Doty,
a retired counterintelligence
agent who served in the Air
Force Office of
Special Investigations.
Richard was intimately involved
with UFO ET-related content.
Welcome, Richard.
>> Thank you.
Good to be here, Emery.
>> Rick, you've had an inside
track to all this is going on.
Have you ever had hands-on
with ET technology?
>> Yes.
Yes, I did.
First of all, let me give
you a little history.
In 1947, we had two alien
crafts crashed in New Mexico.
We recovered the crafts.
Inside each craft
there were components.
In one of the crash site, the
crash site near Corona, New
Mexico, they found
a rectangle object.
I believe it was 26 by
17 by 2.5 centimeters.
Weighed about 728 grams.
They thought it was window.
They couldn't actually
place the window anywhere,
but that's what
they thought it was.
And this is 1947.
They transported
it to Los Alamos.
It sat on a shelf for
a number of years.
And one day, a technician
came into this room.
It was a classified
storage area.
And before he
turned the light on,
he saw something
glowing on the shelf.
And it kind of surprised him.
He turned a light on.
He walked over to it,
and it's this device.
They thought it was a window.
He immediately took
it to his boss,
who was a scientist, a
top-notch scientist at Sandia
and who was working
at Los Alamos.
And so they tested it.
They put it in a dark
room, turned the light off,
it glowed.
Oh my god.
This is not a window.
And this is years later.
This is, like,
20-some years later.
>> What color was this glass?
>> It was like Plexiglas.
>> Plexiglas?
>> Clear Plexiglas.
It was a rectangle.
They called it CRO.
Crystal-- it was like a
crystalline substance.
They called it CRO,
Crystal Rectangular Object.
So then now they started
doing experiments on this.
They started trying to
figure out what it was.
They had exposed it to
different types of light.
But there was always this--
when you turned the light off,
there was always
this light glowing.
They couldn't believe there was
any kind of battery in there.
If this thing was in an
alien spacecraft that
crashed 25 years before,
how can there still
be energy in this thing?
So they really
started studying it,
and they got more experts in.
They brought more
experts in to study it.
And they figured out there was
some kind of an energy device,
because when they
put a demand on it,
it could power
virtually anything.
They started with small
little lights, you know?
One-amp light bulbs
and other things.
They kept going
up and up and up.
And then when they
were trying to power,
they built this light
platform in this facility,
and they could power
this light platform,
but they couldn't figure out,
how can this thing power this,
I mean, when they didn't
know what the demand was?
There was no way to gauge
it or turn it on and off.
So then they eventually put it
under an electron microscope,
and lo and behold, they
saw these little things
moving inside.
And then they determined that
some of these little holes
inside were like vacuums.
So they figured out, this is the
energy device inside the Eben
craft, Eben craft 1.
So they started doing
experiments with it,
and they found that that was
a form of zero-point energy
or vacuum--
they called it Particle
Vacuum-Enhanced Energy Device,
or PVEED.
And you'll see it either a
P with a dash and V-E-E-D,
or all one word.
It has been in the
literature, some places
in the literature
where they speculate
that this type of energy
device could exist.
But of course, that was--
this is highly classified.
There's a number of scientists
around the world that's worked
on it, trying to understand
it, tried to duplicate it,
tried to reverse engineer
it, and so far we haven't.
And I don't know that even today
that we fully understand it.
I know there's top scientists
such as Dr. Hal Puthoff that
has worked on it and many,
many other scientists.
They know what it does, but
they don't know why it does it.
And they can't figure
out what's inside.
And they're afraid
to break into it.
They chipped a little
bit off on one side
and tried to analyze it.
It's an unknown substance.
They don't know what it is.
>> It seems to be pulling
energy from the vacuum of time
and space, unlimited energy.
>> Exactly.
That's exactly, exactly
how they explained it.
But how it was done, how they
do it, how it can be done,
or how you could
reverse engineer it
or duplicate it is just
unknown to us at this time.
>> Do you know if when they
chipped it that that piece also
had the ability
to harvest energy?
>> Ironically, it did.
They placed that in
a little container,
and again, they turned the
lights off, left, came back
and it's glowing.
So that little piece was
able to give out energy.
Whether it-- whether
it was actually
able to generate anything
or power anything,
but it was still able to
give out its own energy.
>> So did it display any other
unusual properties besides
glowing?
And of course, it's
amazing that it gives off
unlimited free energy.
>> Well, it gave
off frequencies,
different frequencies.
It stayed at a
constant temperature.
Didn't vary the temperature
regardless of what
the demand was placed on it.
So that's why they
figured, there
has to be some sort
of an outside source.
They first thought
that it was-- might
be being controlled by
the ET craft itself.
Now, it's away
from the ET craft.
The craft, remember, was out at
Area 51 in the Nevada desert,
and the energy device
was at Los Alamos.
So they figured, ah.
It's being controlled
by that craft
even though it's
hundreds of miles away.
So what they did, they took
it to a very remote facility
underground, isolating it.
Nothing can-- no waves
could get into it.
And they started
testing it down there.
And sure enough, it was doing
the same thing it was upstairs.
So then they figured
it wasn't the aircraft.
It wasn't the spacecraft
that was controlling it.
It was controlling itself.
But it was getting energy from
the outside, the outside space.
>> So the craft now in Area
51, it was still humming
and buzzing regardless that
this was underground now where
normal frequencies
cannot permeate this,
to our knowledge.
>> Right.
It was underground.
It was shielded by the Earth.
So they were pretty sure that
no waves or anything, radio
energy could get through to it.
Now, another thing they did was
they transported this thing out
to Area 51 and they
placed it near the craft.
And when they did, all sorts
of things inside the craft
lit up and became--
came to life.
Almost similar to "Independence
Day" when that craft--
when those aliens came to Earth.
That craft they had
underground started working.
This thing, the craft was
exhibiting characteristics
that it didn't before.
>> Right.
>> Well, one of the other
questions was if we have this
energy device in Los Alamos,
how can this craft still--
could we still generate things?
This is before
they brought the--
well, lo and behold, they opened
up one of those containers
that I said was
under there, and they
found another energy device.
>> Underneath the
craft in the floor.
>> In the floor area.
One of those container boxes,
they finally got it open,
and inside was
another energy device,
exactly like this
crystal rectangle
object that they'd found.
It was in-- it was in the craft.
So there was two.
A primary and a backup, maybe?
We don't know why, but there
was-- there was two of them.
>> So what would happen when
you'd place an energy demand
on the CRO?
>> It would power the demand.
Whatever the demand
was, it'd power it.
>> Have they duplicated
this technology anywhere
in the world that you know of?
>> I think they have.
I think we have a crude form
of it that has been developed
by a particular company.
But there's-- I think the
government's holding on to that
patent, so to speak.
So you know, the power
companies, power grid's
not going to go
bankrupt if we suddenly
start manufacturing these
things and sell them to a house.
Can you imagine if you could
buy one of those things
and put it up in
your house and power
everything you want
without buying electricity
from the local
co-op or the state?
>> Yes, I can, every day.
>> [LAUGHS] Me too.
>> I do imagine.
>> Me too.
>> [LAUGHS] Hopefully,
it'll come to fruition soon.
What other technology
was recovered
that you can talk about?
>> There was a particular type
of system that they found that
is probably pretty sensitive
right now that was later
developed into a weapons system.
And--
>> Is this like a
scalar interferometry?
>> Exactly.
You know.
[LAUGHS] Oh, so you know--
>> Energy beam weapons.
>> Yeah, energy beam.
>> Radionics.
Yeah.
>> Energy beam.
>> Yeah, it was an
energy beam weapon.
And it was a form of a
high-intensity laser,
which we would consider it.
If we had to relate
it to something,
we would say it was a
high-intensity laser.
But it was an energy
beam that done some--
could do some really,
really heavy damage.
>> And what was the
spectrum on that,
not as frequency but as of
the area that it could affect?
You know, could it be adjusted,
this energy beam weapon?
>> To the best of my logic,
it would be adjusted.
I don't know exactly the range,
but it could be adjusted.
>> Now, we've been speaking
about the 1947 crashes with
the Eben.
Now, were there any other
crashes like in 1945 to 1947?
>> I don't know about the 1945,
but I know about the Kingman
crash in the early '50s, and
that was a different race
of aliens.
And one of the ironic
things about Area 51
is we had crafts from
different alien races.
So we had different technologies
that we had to understand.
And that was the most difficult
thing for our scientists
to understand, is we
had an Eben craft.
The exterior of the craft
caused warp or a void.
This other craft
was more complexed.
It had something like
an antimatter pod.
It had these pods that exploded.
They had a big
explosion and fire
because they were
trying to work on it.
I'm not sure exactly
how that happened.
So there's different
technologies.
The interior of
crafts were different.
How they were flown
was different.
So they're distinctly different.
There's nothing the same
between the Eben craft
and the other two crafts that
I know of that was at Area 51.
They were entirely
different technologies.
Came from vastly
different places.
And so scientists had to sit
down and say, wait a minute.
We have to devote one
particular team, the alpha team
and a bravo team
to the Eben craft.
And the other teams,
the delta and the tango
teams we had to devote
to the other crafts,
because they're so vastly
different in technology.
>> You speak of
these other craft.
Now where are they coming from?
>> I don't know
where they came from.
I don't really know--
I know that they had two
other crafts at Area 51
in the S4 complex
that we had recovered.
But I don't know what
techno-- where they came from.
I don't know what particular
ET group flew them.
I believe one of them might
have been the Trantaloids,
but I don't know
that for a fact.
I wasn't briefed
into everything.
I do know the Eben craft
was flown by Ebens,
and they came from Serpo,
as we talked about earlier.
But I don't know about
the other two crafts.
I know the crafts.
I saw the crafts.
One of them, I saw it fly.
It was very easy to fly.
It was very, very easy to fly.
And I believe that was the
one that Lazar worked on.
It was very, very easy to fly.
But we couldn't understand
it, the technology.
We sat there.
Our scientists sat there
and pulled a gauge here
and pulled a gauge
there and figured out
if we pull this lever,
it went this way.
And I'm--
>> Right.
>> I'm being facetious
in some of this.
But they eventually figured
out it flew, and they flew it.
And it could do things that
no other craft could do.
>> It's more like it was
allowing you to fly it and it
was kind of, like, flying you.
[LAUGHS]
>> Exac-- that was exactly what
I was going to say, is it was--
it had a brain of its own.
It had its own--
in fact, a scientist said,
it has his own brain system.
It has its own thought system.
It was-- you weren't flying it.
It made you think
you were flying it,
but it was flying
itself, because it was
doing things that the pilot--
and it was an Air Force pilot--
>> Anticipating.
>> Yeah, it was anticipating.
>> That's right.
>> So maybe it was
reading the brainwaves.
>> What did the craft actually
look like through the exterior,
interior?
Anything you could share?
>> The exterior
was a saucer shape.
It was a saucer shape,
a regular saucer shape.
It had a little bow on top
similar to the McMinnville case
in 1951, if you
can remember that
as a ball-- little
ball of top of it.
And it was a bigger craft than
the other two that we had.
>> How big?
>> It was probably
60 feet by 80 feet.
It was big.
And probably had a larger crew.
And if it was, in fact, the
Trantaloids or the Quantaloids,
they were big, and they were
maybe the praying mantis type.
They would have to have a bigger
craft to fit inside of it.
Now the interior of the craft,
I only saw one picture of it,
and I saw it from the
walkway going in, the ramp.
So I can't--
I can't explain what the
interior looked like.
I never saw that other
than in that ramp.
>> In your work, have you
ever heard anyone speak
to scientists or your colleagues
about seeing a craft and then
walking up into the
craft, and oh my gosh.
Look at the size of this inside.
It does not correlate with
the size of the craft outside
that I just walked into.
>> Yes.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> A scientist at Los
Alamos experienced this.
He wrote a paper--
I didn't read the paper,
but it was 100-page thick--
explaining what he experienced
when he went into this craft.
And that was a second
craft, that it appeared
a lot bigger inside than
it did on the outside,
and why this distortion
occurred in size
and variance of the size
by looking inside of it.
>> Are there any other types
of technology that has been
recovered that you can share
with us that also might have
been reverse engineered?
>> Well, there were certain
other items or components
inside the Eben 1 craft that
they later, years later,
recovered, and tried to work, a
form of communications device.
A small almost cell
phone-size, the old flip phone.
And when they found it,
smart scientists even in 1947
figured out it was
some kind of a phone,
or thought it was
some kind of a phone.
>> Of course.
>> But there wasn't
any way to dial or--
so they just put it on the
shelf like everything else.
And later, some years later,
they started looking at it,
X-raying it, looking at it under
microscopes, and figured out
it was a communications device.
I don't know that they
ever used it for one,
but they did find it to be
a communications device.
Whether it was a
long-range communications
device or a short range,
I don't know that.
But they did determine to
be a communications device,
and that's the only
other one I know of.
>> Well, now we know where
flip phones came from.
>> I-- I honestly think
you're absolutely right,
because when I spoke to
Colonel Corso in person,
he told me there's a
lot of technology that I
didn't mention in that book.
And some of it was
electronics and some of it
was cell technology.
>> Are there any signs of
ET samples that have been
collected that have
been used commercially?
>> Oh, yeah.
Many.
Well, Velcro.
If you would believe
Colonel Corso's book,
different electronic
components that we created that
was well before its time.
Wire, some wire fiber optics.
>> Fiber optics.
>> We advanced fiber optics.
This is probably one of
the most amazing parts.
If you don't believe
in UFO technology,
if you don't believe
that we obtained fiber
optics from alien
technology, there
is this materialist-- material
scientist at Sandia Labs
that wrote a book some
years ago about it.
And he said, if we hadn't
have gotten fiber tech-- fiber
optic technology
in 1950, whatever
the time period it
was that we got it
that the government
decided to turn it over
after the government
studied it for 10 years,
it would have been
well into the '70s
or probably '80s before
we could develop it.
Because the particular type
of material used for fiber--
fiber optics is something that
we would have never thought of.
We actually tried it and
threw it away, saying,
it's not going to work.
But we perfected it differently.
And once we got the material
from the government,
we realized, oh, wow.
We were right in
the first place.
We just had to do a little bit
more tweaking here and there,
and--
>> And to find out it can
carry sound and frequency.
>> Exactly.
Yeah.
Sound and frequency.
Yep.
>> What other technologies
could you share with us?
>> There's a lot of other
ones, but there would be--
they probably are
still classified.
Energy weapon systems,
long-range communications
devices, sound devices.
Little plugs that
you put in your ear
and you are able to communicate
with someone 100 miles away.
How does that work?
It works.
And we have the technology
and it came from the ETs.
>> Right.
>> That's about all I can say.
>> Fascinating.
Is there a weird
desk like described
in Colonel Corso's book?
>> Yes,
>> And what does that look like?
>> Corso's book is
almost entirely truthful.
He relied on somebody
else to write some of it,
and he was wrong
about the bodies
from Corona going
through Fort Riley.
But everything else in there
is completely accurate.
And I think there's many,
many other people, especially
in private industry that
said the same thing,
that Corso's book is accurate.
>> Well, who was in
charge of this desk?
And what other things can
you tell about how the way
it works?
>> One of the missions of
the weird desk was to obtain
information from
all over the world,
because the CIA had stations
almost in every country
or-- and then sometimes
in different ports--
portions of countries, and
bring that information back
to one desk.
And let that person
analyze the stuff,
and then send it out to
the Office of Technology
and Research within--
Office of Scientific
Intelligence or wherever
within the CIA.
And if not, out to Los
Alamos, out to Sandia, and let
them try to figure
out what we gathered.
How is this done?
>> Now, is it just one person
responsible at the weird desk
here?
Or is it a collaboration
of governments
and agencies and corporations
that says who gets what?
>> Well, I only know
of one aspect of it.
I know Ron Pandolfi
who was CIA had--
controlled the weird
desk at one point.
But before that, there was
a guy by the name of Cline.
And he was a CIA operative.
He was a CIA employee.
And he had probably
the biggest weird desk,
because he had the brainchild
of the CIA's operation regarding
UFO activities.
Now he was retired
at the time, but he
wasn't afraid to sit down and
tell you about the weird desk.
Every possible event that
occurred around the world that
was reported back
from CIA stations
to Langley that was weird or
strange or not understandable
went through his desk.
And he told us about
some things that
were literally unbelievable.
>> Such as?
>> People disappearing,
absolutely disappearing
in front of your eyes.
An operation that occurred
in an Eastern Bloc country--
I'm not going to
name the country--
it was-- but it was
during a Cold War era.
They were at a
particular location,
and there were CIA
officers in that area,
performing somewhat
of a surveillance.
And to compound this all,
there was a remote viewing
going on at the same location.
This was highly classified,
and I hope it's not anymore,
but I'll certainly
hear about it if it is.
And during this time
period, these two people
were in a field,
and there was a UFO
spotted not over these
people, but near them,
by these officers,
these CIA case officers.
And when that UFO flew over,
these two people disappeared.
And it was caught on camera--
or caught on a video.
Or back then it was I think
a-- whatever they used back
in the '60s or '70s.
And that was reported back
with the film and everything.
How do you explain that?
Who's going to explain
how people disappear?
I mean, they went up
there and looked around,
and there's nobody here.
They disappeared.
It wasn't a trick.
It wasn't an illusion.
These people disappeared.
That was just one example.
>> So what was the conclusion
of how they were beamed up?
What did they tell you?
>> Well, Mr. Cline said that
they figured that there was
some sort of device that the
UFO craft had that could cause
a dematerialization of a human
and then beam them up and then
rematerialize them.
Although obviously,
they never saw
them rematerialize
anyplace, but there
had to have been some
kind of technology
that they had that at
that time in the late '60s
we couldn't understand.
But it piqued the interest of
the CIA and the CIA scientists,
because once it got
to the weird desk,
that thing went out
to different agencies.
Los Alamos, Sandia.
Hey, look at this.
Tell us how this could happen.
Tell us how we can do that.
And of course,
back in those days,
Sandia and Los Alamos
scratches their head and said,
we have no idea how
that can be done.
We can probably dematerialize
something, but put them
back together, the
million of atoms,
it would be
literally impossible.
So there wasn't any
explanation for that.
>> What was his most amazing
event that was unexplainable?
>> The disappearing.
>> The disappearing?
>> And there was one other one
he was talking about in Turkey.
In northern Turkey, they
had a listening post ride--
and this is during
the Cold War--
a listening post ride on
the Turkish-Russian border.
And one night, they
saw this crash--
this saw this object in the air.
And they started taking
pictures of the object,
and the object started
flying from Soviet Union
into Turkey airspace.
Of course, aircrafts--
I think it was Turkish
aircrafts or American aircrafts,
I'm not sure-- but they went
on alert and they launched.
And as the--
I believe they were F-4s,
coming from whatever base
in Turkey towards this craft,
as they got close to it,
it just disappeared.
Was there a cloaking
device in it?
Was there--
>> Did the F-4
Phantoms see this, or--
>> Yeah, F-4 Phantoms--
yes, the pilots reported it.
>> They reported it.
>> Bogey in front of us,
bogey at certain altitude.
I mean, I listened to the tape.
And then all of a sudden--
>> Bogey dematerialized.
>> Yeah.
Bogey's gone.
>> Oh, gosh.
>> Do you see it on the ground?
He was asking
ground controllers.
Negative.
Is it on radar?
Must be a Russian.
You know, they figured maybe the
Russians had something secret.
And maybe they did.
We don't know.
But he said that
was very strange.
>> Now the US government and the
Pentagon has come forward with
these Tic-Tac videos, you
know, Gimbal, FLIR, videos.
What are these craft, and
who's responsible for them
if you have any
information about it?
>> Well, there's a lot of
conjecture out there about
this.
There's people who are saying
that the incident in Nimitz
was planned.
It was a psychological operation
by the United States Navy,
because none of the planes
on the aircraft carrier
were armed, alert planes.
And that's highly unlikely,
and it just doesn't make sense.
But there are people
on the ship that
were leading the crew members
to do this and to do that.
So there's a possibility.
This guy a year or so ago
talked, come forth and say,
it was a test.
They were testing the
crew and those things
were highly advanced drones.
But on the other side of it,
there's crew members that said,
that's not true.
I wasn't there.
I don't know.
I believe these crew members.
I mean, I spoke to
these crew members.
I spoke to the pilot.
I spoke to the enlisted people
that were on the combat alert
control.
And they explained
it could not possibly
have been a planned operation
or we would have known about it.
There's no way that the
commander or captain of a ship
could do what he
did and be fooled.
It just-- it's not--
it's not where--
So I don't know.
I really don't know.
It happened way
after my time period.
I know during my time period,
we did have tests like that,
especially around nuclear
weapons storage areas
where there was a
special group of people
that tried to penetrate
them, fly over them,
and things like that.
That was done during
the late '70s and '80s.
I knew about them.
We were briefed on them because
we would have been notified
that some sabotage incident
happened in a nuclear weapons
storage area, because that was
the number one priority that we
had to safeguard was
nuclear weapons, number one.
Nothing else came
above nuclear weapons.
And we had to be able
to safeguard them.
So if the incident happened in
a nuclear weapons storage area,
we would know about it and
we would investigate it.
But we were always
briefed to, hey,
you know, next week
on Tuesday, we're
going to be doing this at
this nuclear weapons storage
area, Ellsworth
Air Force Base or--
>> Testing some
technology, some craft.
>> And they did it.
And of course, the
security police--
they really called in a helping
hand or a covered wagon,
and the ball went up.
But Pentagon knew.
Everybody up headquarters
knew it was a test
and we knew what the test.
So I don't put it by the
navy or some other entity,
some other agency that
was testing the Nimitz.
Now the Roosevelt, the incident
that happened on the Atlantic
Ocean was more complicated,
and those planes
had weapons on them.
So what they saw is different
than what the Nimitz saw,
and I tend to believe more
that the real incident happened
on the East Coast.
>> So do you think these are
unacknowledged technologies
or extraterrestrial?
>> I think they are
acknowledged technology,
but unknown to other military
branches, and it was a test.
I'd say that.
And that's my only--
>> I believe that well.
I believe that as well, Rick.
I think-- because they
do a lot of this testing,
and they're not going to
know about that for sure.
>> Exactly.
And there's so many
anomalies that occurred.
The aircraft's not armed and--
>> Just in case.
I know other people came
forth in saying it was a test,
and then other people deny it.
But I think it was
an acknowledge.
And another thing that
one of the pilots told me,
it's strange that
it didn't actually
threaten the safety of
an aircraft carrier.
Because every ship
in that fleet--
and I was never in the
navy, but I was told this--
protects that aircraft
carrier, because the admiral's
on that aircraft carrier.
So all these ships
there can be in a fleet,
you know, eight or nine
ships plus a submarine,
they protect that
aircraft carrier.
There was never any threat
to that aircraft carrier.
>> So what do you think about
Eric Davis saying that these
craft are off world?
>> Eric Davis must
know more than I do.
And if he says that, maybe
he knows more than I do.
>> Or it could be part of
a disinformation campaign.
>> That's exactly what
I was going to say.
Or it could be part of a
disinformation campaign.
>> When someone of that level
says something like that,
alluding to
extraterrestrial craft.
>> And it sounds more to me
like he was protecting something
secret that we might
be testing out there.
>> Right.
>> A new drone program,
which I understand we have.
And that can do things at--
>> Yeah, hypersonic.
Yes.
Anti-gravitic.
>> Yep.
And so I think it could
be that he was protecting
something that was out there.
Yeah.
And that's exactly what I
did during my time period,
try to convince you it was a
UFO when in fact it was an F-117
or an A-12 or an Aurora,
or some other craft.
Or a secret drone program,
as we had back in the '80s.
>> Rick, thank you so much
for coming on the show again.
It's always a pleasure.
You're very welcome.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]